[libc++] Documentation for _LIBCPP_REMOVE_TRANSITIVE_INCLUDES (#130560)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/UserDocumentation.rst

  replacement scenarios from working, e.g. replacing `operator new` and
  expecting a non-replaced `operator new[]` to call the replaced `operator new`.

**_LIBCPP_REMOVE_TRANSITIVE_INCLUDES**:
  When this macro is defined, the standard library headers will adhere to a
  stricter policy regarding the (transitive) inclusion of other standard library
  headers, only guaranteeing to provide those definitions explicitly mandated by
  the standard. Please notice that defining this macro might break existing codebases
  that implicitly rely on standard headers providing definitions not explicitly
  required by the standard.

  The primary motivation for this configuration macro is to improve compilation
  times. In most standard library implementations, header files include more
  definitions than officially required because the implementation details give rise
  to internal dependencies. The common practice is to have the standard headers
  internally include other standard headers, but this generally results in
  increased compilation overhead. This configuration option attempts to mitigate

>   this problem by avoiding such unnecessary inclusions. In addition, compiling
>   a codebase with this macro may improve maintainability by identifying
>   missing standard header inclusions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  this problem by avoiding such unnecessary inclusions. Compiling
  a codebase with this macro may improve portability by identifying
  missing standard header inclusions.

  However, be aware that enabling this macro may lead to breakages
  when updating to a newer version of the library, since transitive includes
  that your code was previously relying on may have been removed.
```

I think this is an important point about this macro: enabling it means that you can't auto-update the library anymore without fixing your missing includes.
